Mll python practice (#296)
arcus/education_modules: python_practice/python_practice.md

**Learning Objectives**:

@learning_objectives

</div>

## Lesson Preparation

For this module, you'll need access to Python, either on your own computer or in the cloud. For details about how to download Python or use Google Colab (a cloud-based notebook environment), you can take a look at the ["Accessing Python" section of our Demystifying Python module](https://liascript.github.io/course/?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/arcus/education_modules/main/demystifying_python/demystifying_python.md#9). 

## Topics to Review

- Importing Python libraries 
- Reading a CSV and creating a data frame
- Editing/recoding data
- Exploratory data visualization

Stretch topics
=====

There are a couple of additional skills that haven't been introduced in a module yet, but that might come in handy solving this data science problem: 

- Correlation matrices
- Heat maps

<div class = "care">
<b style="color: rgb(var(--color-highlight));">A little encouragement...</b><br>

> Finding correlations and creating heat maps are not topics that we have taught you in the preceding modules-- which means you might need to do some searching to figure out how to do them! This is an important step in your development as a programmer and a data scientist, but don't worry if it seems difficult in the beginning; it'll get easier with practice. To start, try googling "Python" and "correlations" and see where it takes you. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finding correlations and creating heat maps are not topics that you have learned in preceding modules or in other prior learning -- which means you might need to do some searching to figure out how to do them! This is an important step in your development as a programmer and a data scientist, but don't worry if it seems difficult in the beginning; it'll get easier with practice. To start, try googling "Python" and "correlations" and see where it takes you. 
```
de-coupling this a little from our other modules in case this is ever delivered separately

</div>

## The Data

> For this practice module we will be using real, publicly-available cervical cancer data from [UC Irvine's machine learning data repository](http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/index.php); you can download those data here: [https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Cervical+cancer+%28Risk+Factors%29](http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/machine-learning-databases/00383/risk_factors_cervical_cancer.csv). If you have done the R Practice Module, this dataset might be familiar! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this practice module we will be using real, publicly-available cervical cancer data from [UC Irvine's machine learning data repository](http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/index.php); you can download those data here: [cervical cancer risk factors data](http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/machine-learning-databases/00383/risk_factors_cervical_cancer.csv). If you have done the R Practice Module, this dataset might be familiar! 
```

This link does not resolve properly in my browser, in Chrome it takes me to the square-bracketed URL and not the parenthetical URL.  I hope this suggestion helps?  Just an attempt, feel free to change it up!

<div class = "help">
<b style="color: rgb(var(--color-highlight));">Troubleshooting help</b><br>

> The second link above will attempt to download a CSV file to your computer-- if you don't want to do that, or if your institution's permissions don't allow it, you can also access the dataset here: (https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Cervical+cancer+%28Risk+Factors%29)[https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Cervical+cancer+%28Risk+Factors%29]. If you want to download the CSV from there, just click the "Data Folder" link at the top of the page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second link above will attempt to download a CSV file to your computer-- if you don't want to do that, or if your institution's permissions don't allow it, you can also access the dataset here: [https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Cervical+cancer+%28Risk+Factors%29](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Cervical+cancer+%28Risk+Factors%29). If you want to download the CSV from there, just click the "Data Folder" link at the top of the page. 
```

2. Use the Python tools that you've learned so far to **develop a hypothesis about some likely risk factors** for a diagnosis of cervical cancer.  

Remember that there are several ways to approach this task; there is no one right answer! So have fun, and good luck!

### Stuck? 

If this practice problem was challenging, [here is a link to an example notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/arcus/education_modules/blob/main/python_practice/python_practice.ipynb) where we go through one possible solution to the practice problem. If you would like to download the notebook to your own computer, you can also do that by selecting "File" and then "Download" in Google Colab. 

We encourage you to spend some time playing around with the data before you look at the example! And remember, just because your solution doesn't look exactly like the example doesn't mean it's wrong-- there are a variety of ways you might have approached the task we gave you.  

<div class = "care">
<b style="color: rgb(var(--color-highlight));">A little encouragement...</b><br>

> Feeling overwhelmed? Learning data science in Python takes time and practice. Don't worry if you feel like you have to go back and look at the modules over and over, or google lots of things-- folks who do this for a living google things every day! You don't have to memorize everything. Just keep your favorite resources close at hand so you remember what tools you have access to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feeling overwhelmed? Learning data science in Python takes time and practice. Don't worry if you feel like you have to go back and look at the modules over and over, or google lots of things-- folks who do this for a living Google things every day! You don't have to memorize everything. Just keep your favorite resources close at hand so you remember what tools you have access to.
```
Do we capitalize if it's used as a verb?  IDK....
